character_name, String
player_name, String
campaign, String
race, String
class, String[]
class_Levels, int[]
alignment, enum
xp, int
background, String

//combat
max_hp, int
current_hp, int
temp_hp, int
initiatice, int (dex + 

//ac calc
sheild, boolean
armour_bonus, int
max_dex, int
misc_bonus, int
ac, int
//AC
ac = 10
if (max_dex != 0) {
	if(sheild) {
    	ac +=2;
	}
  	if (dex > max_dex) {
    	ac += max_dex;
  	}
  	else {
    	ac += dex;
 	}
  	ac += armour_bonus;
}
//Stats
Str, int
temp_Str, int
athletics_prof, boolean
athletics_exp, boolean
misc_athletics_mod, int
//repeat for other stats

Dex, int
temp_dex, int
acrobatics_prof, boolean
acrobatics_exp, boolean
misc_acrobatics_mod, int

sleight_of_hand_prof, boolean
sleight_of_hand_exp, boolean
misc_sleight_of_hand_mod, int

stealth_prof, boolean
stealth_exp, boolean
misc_stealth_mod, int

Con,int

Int,int
arcana_prof, boolean
arcana_exp, boolean
misc_arcana_mod, int

history_prof, boolean
history_exp, boolean
misc_history_mod, int

investigation_prof, boolean
investigation_exp, boolean
misc_investigation_mod, int

nature_prof, boolean
nature_exp, boolean
misc_nature_mod, int

religion_prof, boolean
religion_exp, boolean
misc_religion_mod, int

wis, int
animal_handling_prof, boolean
animal_handling_exp, boolean
misc_animal_handling_mod, int

insight_prof, boolean
insight_exp, boolean
misc_insight_mod, int

medicine_prof, boolean
medicine_exp, boolean
misc_medicine_mod, int

perception_prof, boolean
perception_exp, boolean
misc_perception_mod, int

survival_prof, boolean
survival_exp, boolean
misc_survival_mod, int

cha,int
deception_prof, boolean
deception_exp, boolean
misc_deception_mod, int

intimidation_prof, boolean
intimidation_exp, boolean
misc_intimidation_mod, int

performance_prof, boolean
performance_exp, boolean
misc_performance_mod, int

persuasion_prof, boolean
persuasion_exp, boolean
misc_persuasion_mod, int
